Anybody who operates with sales and
marketing separate or where those
departments like point the finger at
each other of blame. Terrible way to
operate. Huge limitations. Massive
friction. No real progress is made when
you do that. The worst thing that can
happen is when a sales team just says
some super basic [__] like
>> oh the leads were unqualified or oh the
leads were like too cold.
>> There's nothing to do with any of that
in terms of actionable insights. What do
you think is the number one dumb thing
that people do in their funnels that is
costing them millions of dollars and
holding them back from scaling to
million-dollar months?
>> Yeah, I think everybody's extremely
>> Today's guest is the master of scaling
to millionoll months and he's even
helped over 41 people do it. Jeremy,
welcome to the Masters of Lead
Generation podcast. Hey, thanks for
having me on. I appreciate you.
>> Awesome. Let's let's get into it. When
other people work on funnels, because
it's often a very misunderstood concept
for some reason. I don't know. I think
everybody thinks Russell Brunson
internet marketer scam. I think funnels
not optional. Just every touch point
figure out the math for you. How do you
explain funnels to people who are like,
"Hey, do I even need a funnel? What is a
funnel?"
Yeah, fair point. I mean, pretty simple,
you know, it's just a it's a modern
iteration of a website optimized for a
conversion event of some kind. So,
whereas websites are traditionally just
places to demonstrate what it is you do,
how you do it, provide, you know, a
whole whole plethora of information
about you, your team, your business,
services, products, etc. Um, funnels are
more optimized for specific direct
response outcomes. So, if we're trying
to generate a booked call, it's much
better to use a call funnel. If we're
trying to run a webinar, we're going to
use a webinar funnel. If we're trying to
sell a low ticket product and to send
somebody to a high ticket product,
there's just a specific sequence of
pages that are better suited for that
comparatively to a website. So that
that's all funnels really are.
>> Yeah. Awesome. Today I want to focus on
the book a call funnel. That's what we
focus on mainly for our clients, like
booking in qualified leads for high
ticket that actually close. And I love
your YouTube. I think you're like the
only other person who really talks about
how to master sales and marketing being
one comprehensive system. Can you talk a
bit more about that and how you make
sure that sales and marketing act as
one?
>> Yeah, so first of all, anybody who
operates with sales and marketing
separate or where those departments like
point the finger at each other of blame,
terrible way to operate, huge
limitations, massive friction, no real
progress is made when you do that. Um I
I give you a great example literally
from earlier today. I was on a call with
the client's team and they have a total
of 68 total call slots that are
available to book into and over the most
recent 3 days the cost per call had gone
up about 30%. We were dealing with a
little bit of ad fatigue and the client,
we unfortunately didn't have any
additional creatives that were sitting
around in our in our surplus ready to
relaunch with. So we could reduce our
cost per call again by overcoming the
fatigue. And I had to tell I had to tell
the sales team, you know, I called them
up each individually and I I made sure
to express to them the the severity of
my role within their organization, the
impact that I have on their finances,
their earning potential, and and I just
let them know. I said, "Listen, take my
job super seriously. I fully understand
the impact that I have when I fail to
fulfill my obligations to fill up your
calendars completely and I take that
extremely seriously and and you know by
no means am I u am I relenting on the
client here and just letting them you
know not give me what I need. You know I
I I fully accept the responsibility of
the situation I've created.
>> And anyway I do that as an example in
this case to just demonstrate the the
symbiotic relationship that sales and
marketing has there. They're in no way
shape or form separate. And every great
marketer knows that when you when you
get truly articulate feedback from a
sales team, it's some of the most
actionable advice that you can have. The
worst thing that can happen is when a
sales team just says some super basic
[__] like, "Oh, the leads were
unqualified," or, "Oh, the leads were
like too cold." There's nothing to do
with any of that in terms of actionable
insights. Um, I will say this, if if you
do have a sales team like that, but you
still record the calls, there's a lot of
great options nowadays. One of my inner
circle members, his name's Daniel Fosio.
He he goes by Cold Email Wizard if you
ever heard of that guy. Runs a company
with some some of his business partners
called List Kit. And Daniel was recently
talking about this AI tool called Manis.
Manis is mus.AI.
And it's it's kind of it's a it's a um
credit based system for an LLM. Whereas
the big LLMs like ChattyBT, Claude, even
though to be fair, the Manis tool uses
these APIs and it's still technically
those LLMs, but it's like it's like
those same LLMs without guardrails.
Simply put, we we will take all of the
of the sales calls that are happening
and with the right prompting, we can
feed them into a tool like Manis that
doesn't have guardrails, that's a credit
based LLM, and we can get a tremendous
amount of feedback. And the cool part
with with what Manis does um and this is
an example of what Daniel was talking
about and and something that he put us
on to as a mastermind group was he had
visualized the data as well into like
little pie charts and and bar graphs and
showed the the frequency that specific
very actionable reasons that can improve
the marketing process to help bring in
more qualified leads, better framed
leads, expose the specific components of
back-end selling systems that need fixed
and tweaked and optimized further. The
the point being like ideally we get
actionable insight from the sales reps
where they give us something that we can
actually use and and work with and and
and therefore make improvement.
>> However, even without that nowadays,
even if you have this kind of sales
team, it's like just constantly blaming
marketing, which which isn't a good
frame to be in regardless. We can take
all those calls, we can feed them into
an AI, we can get all the feedback that
we need regardless. Um, but anyway,
point being, when you're not in the
blame game and you're actually working
together to drive a lot more revenue in
to the organization that you're working
with, you will typically keep morale a
lot higher. You'll reduce the friction,
you know, and and both parties truly
need to trust each other. When we're in
a relationship with a sales team and
they don't trust our ability to fill
their calendars, they won't perpetually
hire and therefore we won't be able to
perpetually scale. Sales teams typically
take like three to four weeks to hire
somebody, get them onto the calendars,
and then give me the opportunity to book
into those additional calendar slots to
make more money for the organization and
therefore make more money for ourselves
and the sales team, too. If they just
perpetually trusted us with their
capacity to fill up the calendars every
time they hire a new rep, we we'd have a
consistent scaling process rather than
like an every other month scaling
process. So simply put, if your sales
and marketing team don't trust each
other, you could be limited to scaling
only six times a year, assuming that you
only get to scale every other month, you
know, it it really slows everything down
when there's a lot of friction between
those two those two departments. You
know what I mean?
>> Absolutely. And this is the thing,
right? Most marketers have never done
sales, so they don't actually understand
it. Like that's the problem, right? Like
they've never I started cold calling, my
first job out of like college at uni.
Loved it. [__] loved it. and then did
like telco sales, agency sales,
whatever. But you don't actually
understand what it's like most marketers
to have to take a call and then they
kind of belittle the sales team. And
often the sales team, and I can say it,
are dumb and they can't actually give
you the feedback. We just brought on a
client doing 600K a month. You will love
this. Show up rate 48%, close rate 11%.
Like [__] bananas. No good, right?
>> But we put all the sales calls through.
>> Yeah. like bad bad bad and you change
one number in the economics just fix the
show up rate and you've added millions
of dollars and um so like we were doing
our thing with all of the sales calls
through AI and literally you can just
build an AI prompt sales manager and it
tell tells us straight away your closes
are presenting price before they're sold
um these leads are not educated and
they're like blah blah blah and it's
like here's your problem I figured it
out in like an hour now let's go and fix
it right and build those feedback loops
>> what's been your um your favorite
campaign or client you've ever worked
on?
>> Yeah, great. Dude, I've had a whole
bunch, but the there's um there's so
many highlevel deals that we've done
over the years, but time and time and
time again, like arguably my most
favorite that I've ever done. I always
when people sneeze, I say, "Ty, bless
you." You know, it's it's got to be Tai
Lopez for sure. There's just there's
just too many highlevel lessons that
I've learned wa watching Tai up close
over the years. And and it's very
interesting how Tai just does deals in
general. Like Tai probably has like I
don't know 40 marketers at the same
time. And uh he he does in most
instances like these 90-day deals with
people where he'll have them come in for
whatever their specific role and
function is in his life and business.
And his uh even just his testing
strategy alone is it's like remarkable.
You know, like I'll give you a great
example. Like there was this there was
this program that he sold over 400,000
people into. And at that time it was
like a lesson of Amazon. He had I don't
know 50 different prices for the thing
at the same time or like I think he
whittleled it down to somewhere in the
30s for the total different price points
that were being split test across the
board. And
>> I just remember thinking I was like, how
the [__] are you like why like why I've
never seen anybody else more do more
than like a basic split test at the same
time, you know,
>> and the the way that he operates just
the uh just the other day it was um
>> I think it was May it was either May or
April. Um I'd gone out there to uh to
Beverly Hills. I had a wedding I needed
to go to and Tai was in town at the time
and he was like, "Oh, come over to the
new place." And it was like a block over
from where he had previously lived and
he had this like massive out of respect
for the place, it was an actual mansion,
you know? It was [__] huge. And I
showed up and there was like nothing in
the house other than just desks. It was
in the like smack middle of the Beverly
Hills flats. And the entire home besides
the master room that had a bed and like
a traditional closet that he was showing
me had like all these books laid on the
floor in the master room, but you the
rest of the literal entire house was
just a work environment for all these
people that he had physically located in
Los Angeles. And simply put, nobody's
operated at the consistency of scale
that Tai has with like how he chooses to
operate and and like the polarity that
he has in his life. at the same time.
The following month, I had then gone to
his farm out in Virginia. And when I
showed up to that place, it's like
meeting a completely different person.
It was hilarious. Like, this is like a
family home. He had like his kids height
written on the wall. Like his mom lived
in the back at one of the other houses
on the property. We went into like a
three-hour tour and like a farm dog
running around with us chasing deer, you
know, and he's like still himself at the
core, but it's also it's just extreme
polarities and and such a high level of
operation and just getting to witness it
up close has been the most hands down
the most unique deal that I've learned
the most from over the years for sure.
>> Just nobody does it like Tai, you know.
>> Yeah. And he's one of the OGs that still
operate today, right? like a lot of
people have come and gone in the DR
space and he's one of the ones that are
still, you know, and even all the people
that hate him. I'm sure they've never
actually done one of his courses.
They've just read some Reddit threads of
other people who have
>> never done their course his courses,
right?
>> It's a great lesson. It's a great lesson
of the propaganda spectrum, which which
to your point, like I I I had an old
boss that used to say half the country
has to hate you to be the president. And
it's so true. Like when you reach like a
high level on the spectrum of human
awareness, like all you're really doing
is just having people generate opinions
of you on the fly. And the more
awareness that you have, the more
attention that you have, typically the
better off you are and the better off
you end up nowadays. There's all kinds
of terrible people that are like
actually terrible people that have
gotten a tremendous amount of attention
and they launch like an OAF, you know,
or then they launch like, you know, some
some like crazy product to just money
grab and they still make tens of
millions of dollars. A a great example
of this, this is actually a girl that I
met through Tai Tai I' gone over to
Tai's house in in Beverly Hills back, I
think it was like 20 2017 was this time
frame or maybe 2018 and he had that cash
me outside girl that was on Dr. Phil and
>> Bad Bobby.
>> Yeah, she was she was in his garage uh
on the on the uh Orange Aventador at the
time like with a wad of cash and I was
like what the [__] you doing? Who's why
is she here? And he was like I'm just
filming an ad with her you know and
anyway that girl went on and you know
she has an example launched in OF and
she did like what 50s something million
dollars and it goes to show like she
didn't get attention in like a great
way. She got attention on Dr. Phil
essentially threatened to beat people up
and, you know, acting a little ghetto.
And again, my point being is is uh it's
a great thing. And Ty Ty Tai's a great
example of that. There's a there's a
book that I believe you referenced when
I when I've talked to him about that
over the years, and it's called The
Courage to Be Disliked. It was a
phenomenal book, by the way. It's it's
it's a great read, a very unique book,
too.
>> But yeah, anyway, look, anybody who
wants to operate at a serious scale in
life, he's also a great example of that
in the sense that you're gonna deal with
that kind of stuff. like you're
naturally going to get more of
everything as you continue to scale. And
the quantity of people that you have on
that side of the spectrum that just
absolutely hate hate you is honestly a
direct reflection of the exact opposite,
which is imagine the quantity of people
that are just diehard Thai people just
like me is a great example right now
sitting here yapping about them in a
positive light. There's there's a lot of
people just like me. And then the most
important thing is there's a huge unsold
demographic in the middle that through
the constant awareness that they have
and you know one data one data point
another data point another data point
coming their way they they grow into
either the sold or the unsold
demographic as time continues to pass.
>> It's um there's just so many lessons
simply put in that deal. It's it's
definitely one of my favorites.
>> No, it's really cool. It's luckily I've
fully brainwashed myself on Dan Kennedy
so I don't give a [__] when people
>> say something. I I get [__] worried
if I put out marketing and there's no
hate. I'm like, "Oh, I've I've been like
lame. I'm being lame." Like, "I haven't
put out something anywhere good." But I
think it's such a mindset thing that I
see with so many of my clients and I
think it's what holds you back, right?
because they're too scared of being
disliked and then because all of their
like status or their their identity
comes externally and it's this like
mindset thing that you have to crush cuz
if your self-worth comes externally it's
very very hard to grow and I've seen it
I've worked with like a thousand clients
the ones that get past it they they know
who they are which I assume Tai does and
he just doesn't give a fk cuz he's
printing cash and helping the right
people and that mindset isn't isn't
holding them back. Is there anything
else?
>> They're great opportunities, you know,
that whenever I'll give you a great
example like I I have a bunch of nice
cars and I'll occasionally get some
[__] that comments something like,
oh, like you don't own those cars like,
"Oh, they're just rentals." And it g it
gives such a an awesome opportunity just
to hard flex and take the unsold middle
>> and sell them. And it's it's done in so
many different ways. One of my one of my
other favorite deals to reference for
that specific point, we have this guy's
name is Tom Cruz. Not the not the
celebrity Tom Cruz. I mean, technically
Tom, to be fair, is like a definitely
very well-known guy though. He's a he's
a section 8 guy, Tom Cruz. And I love if
you go to Tom's profile and you just
look at his content, he he is one of the
best people at this and he does it at an
extremely frequent rate. I'll give you
one of his most hated examples. So Tom
will occasionally pepper in what he
calls luxury amenities when he talks
about section 8 rentals. And you might
not know what section 8 is since you're
from Australia. Section 8 is just a
government subsidized uh uh lower income
housing solution. So simply put, if
you're below a certain income threshold,
you can apply with the government.
They'll pay for your housing to up to
100% of it. And therefore, long story
short, Tom will market that he wants to
buy houses that fit
>> these types of tenants and he wants the
government to give him money in order to
house these tenants and then it becomes
guaranteed rental income paid by the
government, which arguably is the most
consistent form of income that you're
going to generate unless the government
got shut down or something. Long story
short, government's typically a little
more reliable than tenants is the moral
of the story for his main hook. Now Tom
again he'll mark he'll market these
things he calls them luxury amenities.
So he he'll be like the core things that
a section 8 tenant house needs are
blank. And what we'll do is if somebody
wants these things that don't have to be
added into a house. We'll literally rent
them to the person on a month-by-month
basis. These are things like a ceiling
fan. Like he'll call it a luxury amenity
and then he'll add like $40 of rent that
the person would pay since the
government wouldn't pay it. And I again
I don't know the exact list of things
but like the ceiling fan is one of the
things that I remember like clear I
think he rents like screen doors as an
example as another luxury amenity. And
obviously people get ravagely pissed
when they hear that. They're like
they're like oh dude you're like a
[__] slum lord. And every single hate
comment that Tom ever gets, he'll make a
baller response video where he's got
like his I think out of respect to Tom,
he just upgraded to an $8 million yacht,
but at the time of most of these videos
was a $5 million yacht or he's standing
on like his $20 million house or Tom's
got like I have nice car like four nice
cars. Tom's got like [__] 12 nice
cars, you know? And anyway, moral of the
story is he'll take every single
possible hate comment that he gets and
he'll make these response videos which
just promote his stuff and get more
people in the unsold middle to become
sold on him just by using all of these
examples. So like moral of the story is
Ty does this really well. That's why I
bring up Tom as an example because like
Tai great videos online that you can
look at that are more long form. He'll
debate his haters and he'll simply put
like there's always going to be that
demographic that's unsold. But through
debating a hater and like allowing
somebody who has an actual criticism of
what he's talking about, what he does to
retort in real time, it's always so easy
to overcome the people who just have
these, you know, silly thoughts like,
"Oh, every every course seller is a
scam, you know, or like, oh, you're
[__] scamming." It's like it's so
easy to [__] respond to these kinds
of things and they're just layup they're
layup deals in terms of the content
opportunities that they provide. So, not
only quote unquote like do you get to
know yourself more and become more
certain and more confident, they're
truly some of the best marketing
opportunities cuz like what we would do
for Tom as an example, we would take
some of those hate videos, we would run
them as ads and they were some of the
highest link click-through rate ads that
we've ever had for them. They they've
done so well time and time again. And
they also generate a huge polarity of
comments from people who are obviously
talking poorly about it, talking highly
and enthusiastic and excited about it
and then are more just like neutral and
in the middle ground. It's so good. It's
such a good strategy when you use it
from from a marketing perspective.
>> Yeah, I love that. I haven't actually
done that before. hate ads, but I'm
going to run that with a couple of
clients. So, good
>> cuz I
>> Yeah, I know you you talk about this as
well, like le like leaning into the
objections or the thoughts someone's
going to have anyway, right? Like trying
to overcome them and showing how many
refund requests or whatever you get in
the back end because as you say, people
are just looking to see how much they
can get [__] And I think gone of the
days where you know like whatever 5 10
years ago or more the glory days of
direct response or brand response or
marketing where you could be like look
at all this dream outcome and here we
are every single market I work in now is
just just skeptical and they've been
burnt by something. Everyone's been
buying online for a long time. So what
are some other ways that you like
besides like leaning into the the hate
ads? What are some other ways that
people can like overcome this friction
before it even comes into somebody's
brain?
>> Yeah, so we we call it back-end selling
systems. So how we typically articulate
this is on the front end people are in
scanner mode. So generally generally
every human from an evolutionary
psychology perspective believes in
energy conservation. Like historically
we didn't have infinite calories
available to us which essentially is
infinite energy. We didn't we didn't
have that kind of stuff available to us.
We had to go hunt. We had to go gather.
We had to accumulate calories. And then
we had to be rather conservative with
our energy in order to avoid expensing
it and having to go out there and risk
our lives to gather and hunt. And the
moral of the story is like those that
same exact evolutionary behavior pattern
carries through to modern times. Okay?
And so think about it like this. When
somebody's in market and they're
considering something or even lower on
the interest spectrum than that,
somebody's being convinced to
potentially buy something, you you have
to consider that the main the main
objective that they have in their brain
is scan for what's potentially a good
solution and what's a bad solution. I
just got a new event venue for for our
mastermind group for the inner circle
and I was dealing with all kinds of
contractors like every every type of
vendor and contractor you could fathom
that you would need at a commercial
facility and then some. And one of the
ones I needed today was an IT company to
come in and run some cat 6 cable for
this big 220inch 4K screen that we got
for the presentations. And I needed to
just call some IT people. So, I go on
Google, I type in IT companies Miami,
and all I'm in is just scanner mode. I
click the first company. They clearly
were bought by private equity. They try
to fish every piece of information they
possibly can for me. Mainly just not not
even things like, "Hey, what are you
calling for? Like, what are you what are
you attempting to solve? You know,
what's your problem?" They just tried to
collect personal information straight
away. Then they put me on hold acting
like they were potentially going to
connect me to somebody. They came back
and were like, "Oh, I'm sorry. I
couldn't find anybody." And then they
just attempted to fish for more
information. Hung up. That wasn't for
me. I'm in scanner mode. But I've got
like 10 other option. I call company
two, no answer. I call company three, no
answer. I call company four. This one
was called like it of USA or something
like that. And they answer the phone.
Guy just goes, "Hello." And I was like,
"Oh yeah, this is probably my guy right
here." And I go, "Um, hey man, like this
is my specific situation. This is like
what I'm looking to do. Uh, can can you
get somebody out here ASAP?" He's like,
"I can have a guy out there in like an
hour and a half." I was like, "Perfect.
I'll get somebody to go over there to
the uh to the office and uh we'll meet
you there and I'm looking to do this
ASAP if you can quote me while you're
there and I pay for it. Like when can
you do it? He's like we can get it done
like Thursday, Friday. I was like money.
I send over my fiance to go over to the
venue. She opens up the office, you
know, guy comes in, take like 30 minutes
to quot us like two grand to get all
this [__] done that we needed. And they
look professional. They look
presentable. They did everything that
they needed to do. But now here's the
thing, okay? On the front end, I'm in
scanner mode. Now, as soon as I actually
get the guy to say like, "Yeah, I'm
going to come there and I'm gonna I'm
gonna do the quote like we're ready."
Only then did I click to the guy's
website. Okay, I didn't even click on
the websites of these people. I was just
name, phone number, call, name, phone
number, call name, phone number, call.
And when I got to the point where I was
like, "All right, this guy's going to
go." That's when I clicked to the guy's
page. That's when I looked him up on
socials. That's when I literally
consumed. Like, I got to see like all
kinds of random projects that he did.
And only then did I really give a [__]
about what projects the guy had done. I
don't care to go look at the other
companies, I just want to call them and
see if they're even going to be able to
help me first. And then once I actually
conclude like, all right, these are my
people here. Then I'm going to go, okay,
are is this the right people? You know,
are these the right guys? Like what do I
need to consume from here? We did the
same thing with the sound guy. We
dropped 50 grand on the sickest sound
system ever. So, like no matter where
you're at in the room, you got perfect
audio from the speakers on stage and
then in between we switched to music for
the networking periods. And anyway, long
story short, the guy who I who answered
the phone, his name was Lord. And Lord
Lord when he when he answered the phone,
I could tell straight away did the same
thing, you know, like S commercial sound
systems Miami and ripped through like
three people. He was the third. Soon as
soon as he talked to me, I was like,
"This is my [__] guy." And then he
tells me on the phone, he go he goes,
"Hey man, between me, you know, talking
to you now and showing up, I'm gonna
send you a few videos. I want you to
watch them." And the videos that he
sent, I I watched every one of them. The
first one was his background uh like
airplane hanger of a [__] facility
full of speakers and him like talking to
all this [__] they do. He he
manufactures. He got so fed up with the
quality issues from commercial providers
and and and consumer providers of
speakers and sound systems that he
started manufacturing his own [__]
Guy's been in business 48 years. Every
major club here in Miami, this guy did
the venues for. He also had a few case
study videos where he demonstrated like
multi-million dollar sound system
projects. What do you think that made me
feel in terms of confidence about my
little 50k deal? I was like, this guy's
gonna it's like it's like a [__]
sleeper deal for this guy. He's going to
be able to knock it out in like a
millisecond. And anyway, again, I don't
give a [__] to consume any of that
stuff. None of it at all until I get to
the point where I'm technically teed up,
ready to actually do the deal. And so
what a lot of people mis misconrue like
you see this most commonly when people
ask that dumbass question in an
application. Oh did you consume the
entire video before you booked this
call? It's like no they [__] don't.
They never will. You know because
they're in scanner mode on the front
end. Okay. They're just scanning to see
is this right for me? Is it not right
for me? And it's because it's rooted in
this perspective of energy conservation.
Right? It's just energy conservation.
Everybody innately has it in them.
Everybody does it regardless of your
awareness as to whether they do it or
not. Everybody [__] does it. So from
that perspective, the most important
thing to do is put all of the
information you actually want people to
consume on the back end. That's why I
call it back-end selling systems. And we
don't know which specific consumable is
the preference of that individual. And
so we do four of them specifically. We
we write it on the confirmation page. We
throw a whole set of best practices at
them from breakout videos like the one
you referenced as an example, just
showing refund rates and dispute rates
and like ho how many people have done
business with you, how long you've been
in business, and you know, just how many
deals you've done and the size of the
deals. And to your point, like most
people just emphasize the best [__]
testimonials they can cherrypick, which
isn't even compliant, which a huge thing
for literally every deal we do. They all
give a [__] about the FTC because they
all make a ton of money and and they
rightfully so they should. The the moral
of the story is we don't pick just the
best testimonials. We pick like we
actually try to get people who refund,
who dispute to make a [__] video and
explain like, "Hey, can you articulate
to people why this why this didn't work
for you?" And it's a-okay to say
whatever you want to say about your
experience with us and we'll throw that
kind of [__] on a page. And then it
gives people the full spectrum in
addition to a bunch of other best
practices, of course. And that that's
one of them. We do this thing, we call
it the hammer them strategy. And so we
take short form content, we take long
form content, and we take very specific
types of of short form and long form
content. And in between the time that
they do something like book a call in in
the context of a callunnel, but you
could do it for webinars before they
show up to the web, you could do it for
DM ads throughout the duration of the
sales process. You could do it for low
ticket to high ticket throughout the
duration of the sales process and and
all kinds of other random funnels. The
uh the moral of the story is we'll get a
frequency target where we try to put
like let's just say 20 pieces of content
in front of a person in that tight time
frame and just hammer the [__] out of
them with key pieces of information
because again we here's the thing like
you don't technically know what piece of
information might be the one that gets
that person to say I I this is my guy
right here like I trust you I want to do
the deal with you like but here's what
we do know we need to transfer certainty
that we can help produce the outcomes
they want and we need to articulate that
we understand the outcomes they want and
we need to give them that certainty and
that certainty comes in many different
shapes, forms and sizes. So, okay.
Anyway, third thing, value dense email
sequences rather than doing the annoying
like, hey, you got a call showing up uh
make videos at this time and we we we
pepper that in to be clear, but we
mainly emphasize
taking again the information that we
actually want people to know that we
believe is going to heavily influence
the sales process and people making it a
priority. That's the underlying intent.
The reason people don't people don't
show up, the reason that people show up
and treat it like an education call
instead of a sales call, the reason
people have super long drawn out sales
processes is because, simply put, they
don't give a [__] enough to do the deal
right now. They have a lot of other
things that they're prioritizing doing
instead. And as a result of that
specific issue, your intention with this
back-end selling system is the right
information leads to action. The wrong
information or no information leads to
inaction. And so the goal simply put
becomes let me attempt in all these
different forms to reach this person
with the right information. And by
reaching them with that information, I
have a dramatically higher probability
to get higher show. I had a guy just
this morning, his name is Cole. Cole
says I I'll literally read it to you.
See? So So I say it word for word. He
went he went from a 40% show rate to a
80% show rate. He goes he goes show rate
from 40 to 80% with these backend
selling systems. [__] nuts. And I
asked him, I was like, "Which specific
back-end selling systems did you do?"
His his that had the most impact were
the hammer them. He he said quote
unquote, "I barely did the confirmation
page best practices and then I did value
dense email sequences." So for him it
was mainly the hammer them and the value
dense email sequences. We've had other
people we've taught the backend selling
systems too where they typically do it
in phases like rarely do you just do it
all at once. We had a guy well we
actually a handful of people do this
because the confirmation page is
relatively easier to do. It doesn't take
as much effort. So again, from an energy
energy conservation perspective, you'll
usually bias towards the easier things.
So he he does the um he does a
confirmation page best practices, throws
some breakout videos on there. It's like
five six videos and bam, 32% lift in
show rate, you know. So so again, it
does it doesn't take all of them to get
the impact, but we do all of them. So we
ensure with a high probability we get
the impact. And then the last of which
beyond the value dense email sequences
is just what we call SDR best practices.
So setter best practices or you can have
your closers do this. We believe that
the salespeople have a specialized skill
in this case, which is personalized
outreach, personalized communication. It
feels way better when you have a rep
that you just got assigned to you. Take
the time to actually read your
application and look at it and say, "Out
of all the things that I could send this
person, these are the things that make
the most sense." And it's easy to
systematize this by having the business
manager, the business owner, the sales
manager, whoever you want to have do it
that's knowledgeable of all the content
that they could send, organize things
based on some of the most common
patterns that come through applications.
And you could easily, especially in the
age of AI nowadays with LLMs, you could
take every application you literally
ever have had and and feed all of that
and say, "Find me the patterns. Uh, just
tell me what are the most common pain
points. Tell me what are the most common
reasons that people are coming through
our application and and having
willingness to buy. And then again, you
could you could even take that a step
further to be clear and with every
application have it go through AI, have
AI summarize in a natural language and
just say this is what this person's most
probable to care about. And it just
serves the list of the content up to the
setter to be able to reach out with. And
from there, the setter or the closer,
whoever does it, there's just all kinds
of little things. But like an example,
you do you do selfie videos, all kinds
of other stuff.
But main thing being you want to sound
like a person. You know, you don't want
to sound like a robot. You don't want to
sound like it's automated. You want to
reach out and and say, "I looked at your
application and I saw that there's XYZ
that you care about. Out of all the
things that we have, we have a ton of
[__] that you could obviously go
through. These specific things I've
picked for you are going to make the
most difference and help you understand
whether we're the right fit or not for
you. And they'll help you with your
problem, too. it'll give you value
either way because again preall
consumption is what leads to a higher
probability of the call being a sales
call instead of an education call. All
of this and and really every other
content ad strategy I've ever
conceptualized, you know, well beyond
the hammer them. We we we've been doing
content ad strategies for more than a
decade now. And long story short,
they're all intended to replicate the
organic sales process via paid ads. And
so time and time again, what we see is
the consumption that happens organically
obviously serves up super hot layup
deals on calendars all day. And to
replicate that with paid leads, we have
to be able to instead of trying to get
the same amount of consumption to occur,
we have to be able to strategically get
the right consumption to occur with the
information to prioritization and
action. And so you you might have a few
iterations, you might hit it on the nose
straight away, but that's that's a huge
variable for us, you know, to answer
your original question that makes all
the difference for them. Does that does
that make sense?
>> Yeah, it makes sense. It's um it's
similar to like what we do, right? But
no one thinks about all of these touch
points and how you can leverage each one
of these things and no one thinks about
how the sales starts in the marketing.
Going back to what you were speaking
about earlier, it's one system, right?
Like we're not the goal is not leads.
the goal is qualified leads who turn
into buyers. And so often times sales
teams are complaining about quality of
leads. Sometimes it's fair, sometimes
they're lazy and they're just wanting
more YouTube leads, right? But like to
underline some of the things
>> Yeah. Yeah. They're like, "Oh my YouTube
like, yeah, no [__] son." Like they
just they probably watch like a 100
hours of stuff. Like they've been
brainwashed adequately. But as you're
saying, well, cool. If we know that, how
do we replicate that essence into paid
ads? And there's so many people out
there like suff like just dealing with
[__] leads from Facebook and trying to
scale scale them on volume instead of
trying to scale on quality. And that's
what I see with a lot of people and it
usually comes back to because they don't
understand their customer enough or
who's going to buy, right? So they don't
know what they've tried before. They
don't know what conversation's going on.
They don't know what question is like
going on in their brain. So they're not
even talking on their frequency. they're
just talking at them and then wondering
why like nothing works.
>> Yeah. No, it's that's very true. Sales
people very commonly will give, you
know, a huge comparison bias to the
organic leads and and it makes them fail
with the paid leads and they need their
own systems too from a sales training
perspective, which is a huge emphasis
that we teach as well are all the best
practices as it relates to overcoming
that comparison bias and enabling them
to, you know, be able to think, okay,
these are these are different, you know,
I need to treat them different. I need
to have different processes. I need I
need to have different systems. And to
be fair, you know, in some instances,
the organizations that we work with,
they'll just have split teams. They'll
have one team that specifically deals
with the organic leads, and then they
have another team that's just killers.
Just it's just just a bunch of hitters
that are specifically teed up to close
the paid advertising deals because the
comparison bias can be very
cannibalistic to your probabilities to
be able to scale paid advertising
system. Um, if you have that level of
comparison bias existing inside of your
sales people, you know, it can ruin
deals for sure. It's it's ruined a lot
of great deals for us. And the other the
other very important thing to point out
is, you know, over the years, we've had
a natural bias to get deeply involved in
every everything and anything that's
going to hold back revenue because of
how we structure our deals on the agency
side. We just do we do net profit
shares. And so, as a result of that, any
singular thing, which you know, really
the biggest singular thing is the sales
team. uh when that's interfered with my
ability to get, you know, the rev shares
that I'm after and hit our income goals,
um I got to move anything and everything
out of the way in order for that revenue
to float. And to your point, that's
that's been, you know, a lot of the
origination behind most most of these
specific ideas we talked about here
today has just been okay, instead of
just being full of rage and trying to
project anger on the sales team and, you
know, putting my finger of blame and
saying, "Hey, it's your fault. You guys
suck." Um, if I if I had to work with
just a bunch of monkeys, you know, a
bunch of cashiers that I needed to get
layup deals for and that's all they
could ever close, well, what what would
I do in order for that to be the case?
And that specific line of questioning
has led me to, you know, some some very
prolific advertising and marketing
strategies and systems and and also
sales tips and sales strategies that
have made a a world of difference in in
in the revenue that we've seen for our
deals and a lot of people that have
worked with us worked with us over the
years.
when when you're creating the lead genen
offer, so like the thing that somebody's
signing up for to become a lead, right?
Because we got to get a lead before we
get a sale. How do you think about that?
And how much effort do you put into
that?
>> Great question. Are we are in this in
this hypothetical, are we selling to the
general public or are we selling to rich
people?
>> Let's sell to rich people because the
general public's annoying. Let's focus
on rich people.
>> Yeah. Hell yeah. So, so long story
short, anytime you sell to rich people,
it's a very direct,
>> straightforward, low friction process.
In most instances, the friction
generally comes from application
questions, the quantity of application
questions, the types of application
questions.
>> Um, but to be clear, we generally, as an
example, for a callunnel, like we don't
we don't even use opt-ins. We are very
clear in our messaging about what it is
that we can do, what the outcomes are
that we can help people with. We try to
be simply put, as direct as we possibly
can. Most Most people virtue signal
about a tremendous amount of things.
They aren't actually honest with the
true intentions to others, let alone
themselves and and eventually they
believe their own lies and and at the
end of the day we all operate on these
very, you know, super base level reasons
to do things and they are truly not as
sophisticated or complex as what most
people will virtue signal and attempt to
articulate them as. So, so a great
example of this is like rich people are
generally very transactional people,
right? They prefer to have very
efficient deals with outcomes that don't
have to involve a lot of time and effort
to produce those outcomes. And they'd
rather throw money in order to generate
outcomes and again not have that much
involvement of their time and effort.
And from that perspective, coupled with
that evolutionary psychology idea of,
you know, we're all in energy
conservation, rich people take it to the
max. So, as a result of that, like we
can have ads that do a majority of the
selling, still see a low play rate on a
BSL on a callunnel as an example, and
get very qualified people through the
door that show up, consume back-end
selling systems after they're out of
scanner mode and close with high rates,
uh, a lot of pips, short sales cycles,
high show rates, and a lot of it has to
do with just the best practices. Like I
have a whole playlist on my YouTube
channel dedicated to offers for rich
people, selling to rich people,
advertising for rich people. Like I I
talk about literally all of it. And the
moral of the story is we we typically
simply put will do very like
transactionoriented communication, very
direct communication, very like short
efficient ways to consume the
information. And from there, we push
people to the action, which in this case
would be filling out an application, you
know, raising your hand and showing that
you're qualified. And you know, some of
the simple things. I don't know if you
ever you've ever seen this or not. I
don't know if this meme has reached you
yet. It's uh it's the meme from
Englorious Bastards, which which is a
movie about some American soldiers that
were in Germany during World War II, and
they were Nazi hunting. Okay. And long
story short, the Americans at one point
in the movie had penetrated like a
German gala uh like like some kind of
event that they were having. And this is
a bunch of German shoulders. And and
again, the Americans were pretending to
be German. And one of the Germans, they
suspected one of the Americans of of
being an American. And so the German
soldier asked the American guy goes,
"Hold how many of" and and the answer
was three. He's like, "How many of this
are there?" And the and the American guy
holds up the number three like this. And
I don't know how you hold up the number
three in Australia, but like apparently
Germans don't hold it up like this. So
long story short, when the American
soldier held it up like this, the German
immediately knew. He was like, "You're
not a German." Okay. And there's simply
put so many individual things that rich
people will look at like that where I'll
give you a great example like rich
people we don't use the word money
>> we rarely use the word cash it's like we
have like fancy words for it like
liquidity capital dry powder you know
and just as a simple thing it's like
when you articulate just those words
when you're talking about cash instead
of actually saying cash and you use
liquidity you know uh uh capital, you
know, and you use these different terms,
you're signaling to them that like you
actually understand them and that you're
one of them. There's all kinds of these
little like subconscious things that can
trigger somebody to be like, "Oh, you
know, you're well, you're not you're
you're not what you're pretending to
be." And vice versa though, if you do
get them all right, there's a very very
high response rate from these people
that we see. So, as an example, like we
we can get people like that, like I'll
give you a perfect one that's like this.
If if you ask what's your annual income,
you know, it's like they're not gonna
[__] tell you your annual income, you
know? It's like this it's such a silly
question, you know what I mean? It
doesn't signal to them that you actually
understand. Like they're not going to
tell you that. And you we've done polls
uh as an example like in my inner circle
group where which is just all rich
people. They all make a minimum of 100K.
We got 24 guys in there that do more
than a mill a month. The average in
there is like three 300 to almost 400k a
month now. So, you got a lot of people
that are that are in the high $100,000
range now that join in. And I asked them
in a poll, I was like, if I asked this
type of question in an application, like
with your income range, how many of you
would tell the truth? How many of you
would lie? And 60% of them said, I would
lie. You know, and that's the moral of
the story. So, we have to get we have to
get the right data through the
application from a pixel conditioning
perspective to be able to send it back
to the ad platform and have it help buy
us towards more of the right people that
we reach. But messaging, have you have
you heard about uh Meta's update? They
they technically announced this in late
April. It's called Andromeda. It was it
was you can look it up on their on their
newsroom. Meta Andromeda. And long story
short, it was it was something that I
believe in April didn't technically roll
out. I actually think it rolled out this
month in particular in July while we sit
here and talk about this. Long story
short, um I think they fully rolled it
out now. And it just talks about they
they mentioned creative diversification
and the need to have a lot of different
they called them themes aka environments
messaging which obviously relates to
hooks and just what you're communicating
in general. And then the um they said
something else like just like the way
you're dressed and like you know the the
character essentially. Moral of the
story is they then plug a like kind of
testimonial is what you could call it,
like a quote from a guy who ran an
e-commerce company. And the quote was
something along the lines of like we
were scaling. We were only at like three
to four creatives a week and we went to
50 creatives a week and like that gave
us the consistency that we needed as we
scaled aggressively because like they'll
never just straight up say as I'm sure
you're aware of course and everybody
else watching this [__] oh this is
exactly what you need to do. you know,
they do these like roundabout things to
imply what we do without without saying
it directly. But again, my point is
indirect communication
>> for like inferring and saying the right
things is a huge part of being able to
communicate to rich people effectively
because most rich people don't actively
just sit there and signal all day
through obvious things. They use
inobvious things to signal to one
another. And and they do care about
status. They do care about signaling.
They do care about letting other people
know who are at the same level as them
that they're on that key level, right?
And they do that strategically because
networking has a huge advantage to the
amount of revenue that everybody can
produce and just our overall value that
we can produce from life. Point being,
okay, you have to have the right systems
and you have to have the right funnels
that are geared towards the ideal
demographic you're attempting to
convert. So, like webinars still work
with rich people, but like you better
understand what how to actually execute
a webinar for rich people,
>> okay? Because they are not the [__]
secrets, you know? They're not like you
[__] using a bunch of fluff and
framing tactics for 30 minutes of a
three-hour presentation. It's like, no,
they it's very different. It's very
matterof fact and direct and like, you
know, you have to actually sell the
narrative a lot more. There's there's
all kinds of best practices. Even with
low ticket to high ticket ascension,
it's like that can be a great funnel for
a rich demographic, too. But imagine
like I was in a room the other day at
this uh this mastermind that one of my
clients had invited me to go speak at
and the client had sold all these people
into the room at $35,000 a piece. And I
asked them all a simple question. I was
like, there were two people in the room
doing $100 million as an example. By the
way, one of them was selling cow feed
>> to to cattle farm
>> and one of them was logistics just just
in case you're wondering if we're doing
the right thing or not. And anyway, he
she um she you know, she she introduces
me to the room and and then she leaves
and I was like I was like, "Hey, all you
guys spent $35,000. Who here bought
something from this client at a lower
price before you spent $35,000?" And
only one person raised their hand. And I
was like, "So that means every single
one of you that are here right now, this
was the first thing you've ever bought
from this client and it was $35,000."
And all of them were like, "Yeah, like
this is what just this is what made more
sense for me." And I was like, and we
had two ways you could have bought this.
We had a challenge funnel and then we
had a call funnel. How many How many of
you went through and we called it a
three-day virtual event. I was like,
"How many of you went through the
three-day virtual event?" And it was
like 20% of them went through that. and
the whole other 80% of the room minus
one person who bought a low ticket to
high ticket ascension product. 80% of
the room is like I bought through a call
funnel. And so as an example, it's like
what most people also get wrong is they
have one specific conversion mechanism
that they bias towards that might not be
what your ideal demographic bias is
towards. I've had plenty of people come
to me that are milking like some kind of
low ticket to high high ticket product
thing and then I tell them I'm like dude
that's going to be a terrible way to
convert rich people because typically
rich people just buy the higher ticket
thing that they feel is more appropriate
for them right away. Rich people are
biased towards spending more money
because they believe that the money is
tied to the value in which they're going
to get and the outcomes they're probable
to produce. They like you know the low
ticket thing's probable to add time and
not really get them the outcome they
want. just adds friction to the process
and there's all kind like opt-ins can
add that again low ticket to high ticket
can add that uh long drawn out sales
processes like some people by default
have two call close systems and again
that could be another thing that deters
the higher ticket more financially
qualified buyer from coming through. So
anyway, simply put, when it comes when
it comes like just generating a lead, we
typically do like a nice diverse like
range of funnels that we attempt to get
the people we work with to run because
they they all have effectiveness, but
they all generate different types of
buyers. You understand? They all
generate different types of leads who
have their own preferences of how they
want to purchase from that that entity.
Is you understand?
>> Yeah. And the the book a core one is
usually what we implement for people
first cuz there's just people in market
like ready to go and they're like can we
do this webinar funnel and this low
ticket I'm like yeah babe but not yet
like there's people who are ready to
give you 20 30k today so let's just get
them on on a call and then the way with
our funnels we just think of it all as
little micro steps right and then
usually when we set up our um our lead
genen offer it's like it's just ready
now or discovery what's like where are
they in the stages of awareness Do they
need some diagnosis before prescription
or do they are they ready to take action
and then that's just how we structure
what they get on the call and then all
of the the stuff to like beef them up
and get pumped to even want to show up,
right? Like to build the anticipation
and the excitement.
>> Yeah, good idea. That make that makes a
ton of sense. There there's also a huge
difference in the math of what it takes
to get a webinar funnel tested and
successful comparatively to a call
funnel. Like when you just do basic
financial modeling and you look at the
amount you can spend on a call funnel to
see success with it and it's it's a it's
a little more relenting to be fair. It
can be a little more it can be a little
more easy on your on your wallet. Um
webinars is an example like you might
have to spend a minimum of like 15 to
$25,000 per webinar on a test budget to
get the right quantity of people to opt
in show up you know convert on a on a
call booking show up to the call close.
You know, the moral of the story is a
lot more steps and a lot more dollars
that you have to risk. And then on top
of that, you have a lot depending on the
frequency in which you do the webinars,
you have a lot fewer iteration cycles to
become successful with it. As even if
you commit to a weekly webinar, you get
four iteration cycles in a month. If you
commit to, let's say, spending $1,000 a
day or $2,000 a day, 30 to 60k budget on
a call funnel over the course of a
month, well, you get sales calls every
day that your sales people take calls.
And so you would typically have upwards
of let's say at least 20 if they do
calls 5 days a week to potentially
upwards of 24 to 30 total iteration
cycles in which you can improve the
process and you also get to spend less
dollars. The the issue is is you know to
to to be fair to the people who
typically take these types of actions
and risks. You know they've probably
bought from a handful of agencies that
have just been dumpster fire operations
churn and burn models terrible at their
[__] jobs. And as a result of that,
you know, they've tried those same
strategies and they chalk it up from a
narrative perspective that they just
don't work. And so usually what most
people are willing to try comes from
some story that they've recently heard
from some other guy or girl they look up
to that's like, oh well this person just
did this, you know, like that's why I
want to try it. And so sometimes to be
very it's it's important to play into
those things because they have some
momentum and enthusiasm with the idea
already. But again, from an expectations
perspective, that's the most critical
thing from a math view that has to be
settled in order to determine more so
than anything else like what you
actually do. We we we had a client who
was like, I [__] love webinars. I'm
way better at webinars and I'd rather do
webinars than call funnels. We we showed
the guy the math. We were like, you have
to spend $25,400
with like a worst case scenario set of
statistics, which which ended up being
true.
>> And moral of the story, the guy was
like, I'm happy to spend 100K a month on
a test budget. And then we said we say
that to other people and they're like I
wouldn't spend more than 30 and it's
like all right well yeah webinar makes
no sense then you know let's do and then
also it's important to know you got to
look at what's working for them already
from other places like the organic
channels. So if we see that somebody
works really well with DM ads as an
example for their uh for their Instagram
pages where they're just telling people
to comment a word or like know setters
are interacting with all the followers
and interaction and trying to teamm up
in DMs for set calls. We'll play into
that too. We'll just run DM ads instead
of doing anything else. we we typically
play play into whatever is currently
working because that dramatically
increases the probability that they
gain, you know, some profit to be able
to gamble with. You know, they they need
some house money to be able to test some
of these other ideas that might be able
to work too. That's increased our
retention rate and success rate a
tremendous amount and it and it also
works really well across everybody that
we help uh in the education company side
of things too. It's been great. Just
playing your strengths, simply put,
>> and making sure the math is mapping,
right? And especially if you deal with
clients as an agency, we we're
predominantly profit share or like
scaling ads. So we're like a percentage
of the ad scale depending on what's the
best way to structure the deal for us
and the client. But at least our
incentives are aligned and like what you
said earlier, I want the sales team to
be successful because if they're not
going to add more sales team, then I
can't scale the ad budget and that's
going to be my friction to scale the the
account. And yeah, that's awesome. I
know you've got things on today. So
before I let you go, what do you think
is the number one dumb thing that people
do in their funnels that is costing them
millions of dollars and holding them
back from scaling to million-dollar
months?
>> Yeah, I think everybody's extremely
laxidasical with how they go about doing
their analysis. And I can't stress this
enough. they they either do too little
math or they [__] nerd out and they
do way too much tracking on statistics
that don't really make that big of an
impact. You have to be aware of what
specific we call them bottlenecks or
choke points within your advertising,
marketing, and sales process that have
actual impact. So, as an example, like
CPMs can have a huge impact. Link
click-through rate can have a huge
impact. If you have an opt-in page,
optin rates can have a huge impact. If
you're just doing a call funnel, like
the application uh uh rate and the drop
off points within the application, that
can be huge. But typically, if we're
just optimizing for book calls, we'll
shoot for a specific KPI for just the
total quantity of traffic against the
total quantity of qualified book calls
we got as the KPI to track show rates,
uh close rates, AOV, like these are
these are some of the bigger stats that
we track. And then typically from like a
from like an analysis view, whether it's
week over week, month over month,
whatever time frame against time frame
you want to compare it to, usually, you
know, when you're attempting to increase
rorowaz, when you're attempting to to
just get overall more revenue out of the
system, you have to make sure that you
have your eyes on all these different
steps throughout the process because
inevitably one of them starts to
contract and then as it contracts, it
holds back the revenue for every
subsequent step that follows because
it's just it's choked. and and the
higher up the funnel that it's choked,
the worse every subsequent stat, it's
like compounds into every other
statistic that follows it. And when you
financially model data and you look at
like these statistics that actually make
an impact, like some of which I've just
described, you can then track and
analyze where you need to laser focus
attention to open up that specific
contraction and let revenue flow
through. Most organizations are
extremely reactive. They don't have any
insight or visibility onto these
specific choke points and they attack
like a bunch of random [__] at once that
might not even be the key choke point
that's throttled. And as a result of
that, they never really make
improvements and they give up far too
quickly. The other big one is is they
don't have the endurance. Like
advertising, especially when you're
first getting started and attempting to
scale up to an aggressive amount of
revenue, it's an endurance race. Like
you have to walk into the casino with a
specific gambling budget that's not
going to financially ruin you. And you
have to be able to again endure going to
the casino again to try to get into
profit and leave with house money. And
then from there when you pocket the
original money you risked, you have to
change the risk profile that you use to
behave through once you're gambling with
house money instead of money that you're
actually pulling out of your pocket. So
again, most organizations like the best
ones that we've worked with, they'll
they'll be like strong in one place.
Like let's say they have one specific
funnel that's doing really well
organically or something like that or
even from paid and they're looking to
add a new funnel. There has to be a set
amount of profit that gets siphoned off
from from that specific source to
subsidize the thing that's not currently
profitable. A great example of this in
real life is like the NBA and the WNBA.
The WNBA has never made a [__]
dollar. Like it's never made a dollar of
profit ever. it always loses money and
it's fully subsidized by the cash cow
which is the NBA and in the most recent
I think it's been two years now there's
a key player named Caitlyn Clark who
when she doesn't play the WNBA loses 50%
of its viewership overnight she is the
current revenue driver for that entire
organization and for the first time like
there's been little improvements like
instead of the girls having to fly
commercial they've been starting to fly
on PJs now you know team PJs that's a
huge [__] improvement the signals
they're starting to get paid more and
they they took be fair to the players,
they still actually get paid a pretty
mediocre amount. But again, they're
working in an organization that makes no
[__] money and it's fully subsidized
by an organization that's profitable out
the ass. So again, my point being the
the NBA has kept the WNBA around for
what I think now is decades. Okay? It's
been it's been multi-dead. And they do
that because it will inevitably become
profitable or at least it's probable to
eventually become profitable, but it's
subsidized by the cash cow. Okay? Now,
we don't want to subsidize. No, nobody
that I ever [__] talk to wants to
subsidize something for decades in order
for it to eventually become profitable.
We're looking for like, I don't know, 90
to 120day window, as an example, like a
quarter of endurance before, yeah, you
probably are [__] up and either need
a lot more help than what you
anticipated or you just, you know, maybe
you do need to give up on that specific
way of doing it or maybe just didn't try
that hard. There's all kinds of things,
but like after a good 90 to 120 days,
which which barely anybody makes it to,
most people endure for like 30 days or
60 days and then just be like just I'm
not doing this anymore, you know, and
they'll stop spending the money. And uh
anyway, moral of the story is you got to
have a gambling budget. You got to have
endurance. You got to actually do math.
You have to with a very high rate
concentrate on bottlenecks and
contractions to open up profitability
because it's genuine. It's genuinely
that simple. And simply put, you also
can't look at old data. I'll say that
too. There's a lot of people who I want
to be fair in saying this, some old data
still stands up extremely well. Like I
referenced the book Breakthrough
Advertising by Eugene Schwarzen, an
extremely high rate. That book was
written in the 1950s and that's that's
an endurance of time right there on
those lessons. But like I I see people
that still follow [__] webinar uh
tactics from like 2015 and 2016 and 2025
2026 and it's like they [__] suck and
their webinars are ass and they're and
they're using outdated tech stacks and
outdated tactics and and again they're
seeing terrible performance. The the
main thing that everybody technically
knows is is like these platforms change
all the time. The way that you do things
technically has to change all the time.
You can't just grasp on to dear life for
what historically worked. You know, you
have to be willing to update to the
newest, latest, and greatest in order to
truly be able to maximize revenue and
results. You know, those those would be
the big ones I leave your people with.
>> That's awesome. And um it's just
principles versus tactics, right?
Breakthrough advertising is legit
because it's persuasion and how to think
about human psychology. Monkey brains
haven't changed. Still good. How to do
webinars back in 2011. Tactically, not
the same. And so people are building
their businesses around these tactics
that are not based on on principles. So
we'll conclude your interrogation there.
That was awesome and I appreciate you
coming on today. It's really cool to
meet you and again I love I love your
YouTube and I I um we share a client and
I saw you on Ryan's channel and I just
think you're super smart. So thank you
for coming here and being super smart.
Where can people find you after today?
>> I just watch me on just you know if
you're interested in these kind of
things just go to my YouTube and check
that out. Uh my Instagram is just my
name, Jeremy, and uh you follow me
there. I'm pretty active there if you
want to shoot me a DM or something. But
yeah, just go to my YouTube and watch
all this stuff. I I put out some pretty
uh some pretty strong bangers
consistently, you know.
>> I agree.
>> Thank you. I appreciate appreciate the
platform. You know, it's a it's an
awesome opportunity to be able to meet
you as well. It was a pleasure to uh
chat with you. Thank you very much.